a couple of months ago I looked at a
different 32-in 4K QD OLED panel and
I've got to say I liked it so much I
bought it now MSI has sponsored this
video for me to take a look at the mpg
321 urx 4K 240 HZ QD OED Monitor and
I've got to say it looks really
impressive and there's one or two
features that really have me wondering
if I made a huge mistake first of all
it's flat if you can't tell from just
how not enormous this box is um yeah
this is not the curved version but
instead the nice flat version that a lot
of you have been clamoring about ever
since C OLED gaming monitors came out a
few years ago that's probably the
biggest thing that a lot of people aside
from the ultrawide only options that
people were upset about I don't want a
curved panel I want a flat panel well at
long last you can have your choice we
got our quick start guide we've got the
base of our operation here base of our
monitor we'll take that out right now
actually why not just get it out of the
package too bad we've got a usbb to a
cable for hooking up our monitor to our
computer for whatever peripherals we
might want to plug in we've got our
Ultra highspeed HDMI 2.1
cable very nice I like the all black
look this looks really beefy too A lot
of the time this back plate that you're
going to click clack into the monitor is
really small um this looks like it can
you know has has a little bit of extra
support but uh I guess we'll see
probably doesn't need it you know it's
fine these things aren't that heavy
behind this little foam sheet we've got
the rest of our monitor which is you
know actually one of the big things I
like is when they've got a nice little
perforated slit right here so you can
peel it back and then click clack pull
it out uh we don't have that
so you know I could probably get this in
here we can we can get it in just going
to oh that's tight there we
go
yeah yeah I should have attached the
stand first I don't know what I was
thinking it's not that heavy but when
you're holding it kind of awkwardly like
this and then trying to screw something
on it gets a little heavy ah but we got
it here we go I got to say it looks
really nice it's all blacked out nice
and thin you've got this the it's a
small issue but on OLED panels the panel
itself is super thin right but then
you've got like the control box and
whatever Cooling in the back here and so
it's like it feels fragile when you're
just touching this pot and the rest of
it is so bulky anyway it's like why not
just make a little box go all the way
around like it doesn't it's here anyway
just make it go to the edge I don't know
some of you might like the thinness I'm
not crazy about it one thing a lot of
you might appreciate is that there's not
a ton of branding we've got the MSI
dragon on the back little MSI logo on
the back and then on the front just a
small MSI logo on the front here nothing
to Major no big symbols anywhere or like
all the way across the bottom or in the
corners or anything so that's cool as
for the I/O there's a few pleasant
surprises and one small disappointment
we've got our headphone jack two HDMI
2.1 ports display port 1.4 USB type-c
usbb two usba a ports and then a c14
power connector on the back over here
you might be wondering to yourself does
this USBC Port offer something like 90
WS power delivery and display port alt
well it does it's a small feature but
it's something that's really appreciated
more and more these days as we collect
more and more devices that connect
through USBC uh it's really handy to
just have a laptop or something and just
plug it in through USBC all of a sudden
this is your secondary display and guess
what it's charging at the same time wow
90 Watts that's a lot of power that one
minor disappointment I mentioned it
doesn't have display port 2.1 which
offers significantly more bandwidth now
admittedly there's only a few graphics
cards out right now that even have 2.1
but it's a feature that a lot of people
are clamoring for with these high-end
panels especially when they're running
4K 240 HZ that's a lot of bandwith to
actually use that without having any
kind of display stream compression
involved and so it's just a nice to have
you're probably not even going to worry
about it you're not going to be able to
use it but I would love to see it here
as for the rest of the construction and
the stand it's not bad it's got the
rotation on the base which is nice to
see I would like a slightly more but
that's good enough can
we we can't go portrait but let's be
real it's 4K 240 HZ 32 in I don't I
don't think you're going to put this in
portrait mode um and then we've just got
a little bit of play here it's not bad
definitely enough to get most people and
how is the height adjustment okay I
would love I would love just a little
more I would love to let the monitor go
basically to the base down here but
we're talking about what an extra inch
and a half of distance it's fine it's
totally fine and then on the back here
we've got a fanless graphine cooling
solution so this thing should stay super
quiet as for navigating the OSD it's not
quite on the bottom it's a bit on the
back here so you're just going to have
to reach a little bit further we've got
one navigation nipple and then how many
buttons one two buttons yeah two little
buttons on the back as you can see here
it is nice and flat nice and thin and
our bezels aren't actually that big
either so it's probably going to look
pretty good turned on speaking of which
all right monitor's on looks pretty good
HDR has turned on this thing supports
both true black 400 as well as an HDR
Peak 1000 mode it's also rated by vesa
for their new clear Mr rating with
13,000 which is just I think as high as
it goes right now it makes sense because
not only does OLED have basically
instant pixel response times but 240 HZ
is fast and so it's going to be Crystal
Clear basically all the time they're
honestly going to have to invent another
rating because all of these really high
refresh rate OLED panels are starting to
hit the Max uh clearr rating that vesa
created just recently it's already
capped out 1080p no no no we want 4K so
we can get our sweet sweet 140 PPI
whether you're watching it in true black
400 or you're watching it in Peak 1000
it just is absolutely insane how good
HDR looks when you've got the right
panel to match it now we do have our set
to Peak 1000 which is pretty bright and
you might be worried about image
retention or Burning uh the reality is
not only is MSI offering this but most
brands are these days with these
monitors uh they're offering a
three-year OLED care warranty that does
cover Burnin and image retention so
you're covered I mean don't get me wrong
it maybe it happened three years in you
know you leave your monitor on for like
a week straight and suddenly there's
image tension but like that to me gives
me a lot of peace of mind and it's a big
reason why I not only bought a QD OED
monitor years ago now but why I bought
another one once this set of panels came
out if you are still worried about
burning this has got MSI OLED care 2.0
built in which is going to do a bunch of
stuff like pixel shift it'll uh Auto
taskbars or any static icons even this
little short circuit logo or like the
little Bottom bar on a YouTube video if
you got it up that should all just kind
of dim out and not be as uh image
retaining you don't want to you don't
want to leave static stuff on screen for
too long it's bad but like the reality
is there burning is not nearly as much
of an issue these days one thing you
might want to use those HDMI 2.1 ports
for is a PS5 or maybe an Xbox series X
because it also supports variable
refresh rates if you're not going to you
know attach this to a 49 90 and get
crazy high refresh rates and then if you
are it's got their gaming intelligence
app which lets you auto switch between
productivity in games it'll change
settings for you on the
Fly
convenient
convenient I've got to say that CS2 with
a modern high-end graphics card and then
a modern high-end monitor it's just it's
something else oh my God okay well oh
explod okay that makes a lot of sense
it's like that guy did not shoot me man
this looks good I already bought a
similar monitor at home I couldn't wait
I thought you know I don't care about
the curvature I want it now I'm an
impatient gamer I don't wait I just buy
stuff at full price like an idiot I got
to say that the flatness is actually
really appealing I didn't think it
bothered me as much and you know it's
fine I'm going to go home tonight and
I'm not going to cry about it but I
really prefer the flat 31 1/2 in 4k like
this size for your desk as long as you
can have something a little bigger than
27 in it's like it's it's perfect and
you really don't need curvature unless
it's bigger than this or Ultra wide at a
similar size and as for the rest of the
panel it just looks incredible like I
cannot get over how good 240 HZ running
at 4K resolution with QD OLED just
incredible colors
God it's stunning even everyone behind
me he's like wow that looks so good it's
like yeah yeah it does sound like yeah
you sound exactly like that Bell that's
exactly what you sound like yep that's
those 03 millisecond OLED pixel response
time that is basically near instant I
bought one of these for a reason not
this exact model but don't take my word
for it let's talk Labs results for color
gamut coverage we've got 147% of the
srgb color space and they advertised 99%
of dcp3 as as well as 78% of bt220 for
srgb color accuracy it was pretty good
with a Delta average of just 1.7 in the
Pro srgb picture mode HDR is another
story we had similar results in both
game user and pro user picture modes
averaging around a deltae of 23 with
luminance error it's oversaturating
which honestly most people kind of like
anyway whether it's correct or not
here's the thing though this 32in 4K
240Hz QD OED display retails at
$950 that is absolutely wild and is kind
of a steel and that makes this version
of this QD OLED panel really freaking
competitive I mean you've got your 90
wats power delivery you've got perfect
viewing angles from literally anywhere
you are you got 240 HZ like there's just
there's some trade-offs for sure for
example the only cables we got in the
Box were power the usbb and HDMI 2.1 so
if you want display port you're going to
have to go buy a DP cable if you want
the USBC 90 wat power delivery you're
going to have to make sure you have a
USBC cable that can do 90 wat power
delivery and DP alt mode but like you
probably already have those things
anyway or at least the DP cable I don't
think you need USBC unless you've got
like a laptop you want to hook up for
being $250 cheaper than the competition
honestly I think it kind of wins and I
think I regret my purchase yet again
it's not the first time I've bought the
first shiny new monitor that comes along
and then like 3 months later I am
kicking myself for not being a more
patient gamer and here we are sure
there's some other features that I wish
were here and they're not but like it's
it's
$250 is just a huge price difference it
brings this under a grand which is
honestly a really big sweet spot when it
comes to price or performance for people
buying brand new displays that they want
to use for like the next 5 plus years
thanks so much to MSI for sponsoring
today's video If you want to get one of
these check it out in the link in the
description
below